# KeyAction

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Plaintext** | [***os.File**](*os.File.md) | The data encryption key (DEK) used in wrap actions when the query parameter is set to &#x60;wrap&#x60;. The system returns a base64 encoded plaintext in the response entity-body when you perform an &#x60;unwrap&#x60; action on a key.     To wrap an existing DEK, provide a base64 encoded plaintext during a &#x60;wrap&#x60; action. To generate a new DEK, omit the &#x60;plaintext&#x60; property. Key Protect generates a random plaintext (32 bytes) that is rooted in an HSM and then wraps that value.  | [optional] 
**Aad** | **[]string** | The additional authentication data (AAD) used to further secure the key.     If you supply AAD when you make a &#x60;wrap&#x60; call, you must specify the same AAD during a subsequent &#x60;unwrap&#x60; call.  | [optional] 
**Ciphertext** | [***os.File**](*os.File.md) | The wrapped data encryption key (DEK) used in wrap actions when the query parameter is set to &#x60;unwrap&#x60;. The system requires a base64 encoded ciphertext and returns a base64 encoded plaintext in the response entity-body when you perform an &#x60;unwrap&#x60; action on a key.       **Note:** When you unwrap a wrapped data encryption key (WDEK) by using a rotated root key, the service returns a new ciphertext in the response entity-body. Each ciphertext remains available for &#x60;unwrap&#x60; actions. If you unwrap a DEK with a previous ciphertext, the service also returns the latest ciphertext in the response.  Use the latest ciphertext for future unwrap operations.   | [optional] 
**Payload** | [***os.File**](*os.File.md) | The key material that you want to import into the service for rotating an existing root key. This value is  required for a &#x60;rotate&#x60; action if you initially imported the key material when you created the key.     To rotate an imported root key, provide a base64 encoded payload in the request entity-body. To rotate a root key that was initially generated by Key Protect, omit the &#x60;payload&#x60; property and pass in an empty request entity-body. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


