# SecureImport

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Payload** | [***os.File**](*os.File.md) | The encrypted key material that you want to store and manage in the service. The value must be base64 encoded.    First, retrieve the public key that is associated with your service instance by calling &#x60;GET /import_token&#x60;.  Then, use the public key to run RSA encryption on the key material that you want to import to the service. | 
**EncryptedNonce** | [***os.File**](*os.File.md) | The encrypted nonce value that protects a key import request against replay attacks. This value must be encrypted by using the encrypted &#x60;payload&#x60; value that represents the key that you want to import into the service.    To retrieve a nonce value, use &#x60;GET /import_token&#x60;. Then, encrypt the value by using an AES-GCM encryption  method that is compatible with your environment.  | 
**Iv** | [***os.File**](*os.File.md) | The initialization vector (IV) that is generated by the AES-GCM algorithm when you encrypt a nonce. The IV  value is required to decrypt the encrypted nonce value that you provide when you make a key import request  to the service.    To generate an IV, encrypt the &#x60;nonce&#x60; value by using an AES-GCM encryption method that is compatible with your environment. Then, supply the generated IV value when you import a key to the service. | 
**EncryptionAlgorithm** | **string** | The RSA encryption algorithm that is used to encrypt the key material that you want to import into the  service. Currently, &#x60;RSAES_OAEP_SHA_256&#x60; is supported. | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


